Animal
Which animal was incorrectly rumored to bury its head in the sand when frightened?	Ostrich
What is the smallest and most endagered species of sloth?	The pygmy three-toed sloth (Bradypus pygmaeus)
What famous horse was the longest to hold the triple crown?	Secretariat
What is a group of owls called?	A parliament
A puggle is a cross between which two dog breeds?	Pug and Beagle

Biology
What is the largest organ of the human body?	Skin
What does the acronym DNA stand for?	Deoxyribonucleic acid
A person able to use both hands with equal skill is called what?	Ambidextrous
Now extinct, what shark is thought to have been the largest ever on Earth?	Megalodon
Most adults have how many canine teeth?	Four

Chemistry
Diamonds are made up almost entirely of what element?	Carbon
What is the chemical symbol for Helium?	He
How many hydrogen atoms are in one molecule of water?	Two
What is the chemical formula for ozone?	O3
What is the chemical symbol for table salt?	NaCl

Computer
In computer science, what does "GUI" stand for?	Graphical user interface
In database programming, SQL is an acronym for what?	Structured Query Language
CERN launched the very first website in what year?	1990
When referring to computer memory, what does that acronym RAM stand for?	Random Access Memory
What do the letters HTML, a markup language used to create web pages, stand for?	Hypertext Markup Language

Food
The taste that allows us to taste savory foods is called what?	Umami
What is a traditional fermented Korean side dish made seasoned vegetables and salt?	Kimchi
A tandoor is a type of what?	Oven
Kopi luwak is a very expensive type of what?	Coffee
Guinness beer was first brewed in which country?	Ireland

Geography
What is the capital of the Republic of Ireland?	Dublin
Geelong is a port city located in what country?	Australia
The Black Forest is located in what European country?	Germany
What is the capital city of Croatia?	Zagreb
What city is the capital of India?	New Delhi

History
Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in what year?	1865
Who was the first austronaut to visit space twice?	Gus Grissom
In what year was Nelson Mandela released from prison?	1990
Ireland suffered the Great Famine beginning in 1845 due to the collapse of what crop?	Potato
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge?	Suspension

Literature
What is the first book of the bible?	Genesis
Which book was famously rejected by 12 publishers before finally being accepted by Bloomsbury?	Harry Potter and The Philosopher's Stone
What is the name of Washington Iriving's 1819 short story about a man that fell asleep in the woods for 20 years?	Rip Van Winkle
Who wrote the 1936 novel "Gone with the Wind"?	Margaret Mitchell
Who declined the 1964 Nobel Prize for literature?	Jean-Paul Sartre

Military
The US military installation Area 51 is located in which state?	Nevada
What is the slang military term for the distance of one kilometer?	Klick
In which state of the United States would you find Fort Knox?	Kentucky
What year did World War II end?	1945
The second atomic bomb ever used in war-time was dropped on what city?	Nagasaki

Movies
What later "Star Wars" acctress had an early role in the movie "Léon: The Professional"?	Natalie Portman
Robin Williams won an Academy Award for best supporting actor in which 1997 film about a South Boston janitor?	Good Will Hunting
What is the name of Mickey Mouse´s dog?	Pluto
Tom Hanks played "Captain Miller" in what legendary World War II movie?	Saving Private Ryan
BB-8 is an astromech droid from what film franchise?	Star Wars

Music
In what city was Ludwig van Beethoven born?	Bonn, Electorate of Cologne
In what year did Paul McCartney announce he was quitting the Beatles?	1970
Where was the very first Hard Rock Cafe opened?	Piccadilly, London
How many keys are on most baby grand pianos?	88
New Orleans is known as the birthplace of what type of music?	Jazz

Space
Which is the closest galaxy to the milky way?	Andromeda galaxy
Our solar system is located in what galaxy?	The Milky Way
Who was the first human to travel into space?	Yuri Gagarin
In what year did the Apollo 7 human spaceflight take place?	1968
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?	Mercury
