
I created a version of the game that will always land on the next section of
the wheel for the purpose of the presentation. It is called
triviopoly_sequential.jar.


In the first part of the video, you listed off the features without showing,
and then went and showed how you played the game.

I suggest replacing the first part of the video with a demo using a 
triviopoly_sequential.jar to make sure that all parts of the game are shown. 
(If you don't want to use triviopoly_sequential.jar, you can splice together video parts)

List of things to cover:

1. triviopoly_sequential.jar.
	For demonstration purposes, we will first show a version where we
	changed the random spin to sequential spin. At the end, we will show
	the final version of the game with the random spin
	As you play, you will introduce:

	1. Choose the number of spins per round. 
		Requirements specifiy 50
		Game default is 50
		For demonstration purposes, set lower (~6)

	2. Number of human controlled players and AI controlled players
		Extra feature
		AI will auto answer places where normally players need to input a prompt
		For now, set Human to 2, AI to 0

	3. Rename the players
		Extra feature

	4. Choose settings file
		Default settings file will load a settings file that is packaged inside the game's jar file
		You can choose to load in custom settings file, example: sample_settings.txt, default_settings.txt
			Settings file format:
				12 groups of 6 non-empty lines
				The first line of each category specifies the category name
				The next five lines are the question and answer separated by a tab
				Answer can be missing, will be replaced with empty string
		Load in sample_settings.txt

	5. Spin
		Animation can be skipped if needed

	6. LOSE TURN
		mention token
		next player
	7. FREE TURN
		mention token
	8. BANKRUPT
	9. PLAYER'S CHOICE
		mention how we check correct answer
	10. OPPONENT'S CHOICE
	11. SPIN AGAIN
	12. Category #

	Mention Daily double:
			Bet money

2. triviopoly_sequential.jar
	Showcase default settings file and default names
		Categories show up in spin as well
	Use 10 AI, 1 human, to showcase places where AI differs from human

3. triviopoly_final.jar
	Add current video where you play the game to the end of this new video
